Document disabling GPUs (#1835)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/gpu.md

 ⋮
 0.192538
```

> ## Disable CUDA (or choose which GPUs are visible to Flux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disabling CUDA or choosing which GPUs are visible to Flux
```
